README.md, before:

# AI Landing Page Generator

A tool that leverages AI to generate landing pages based on user prompts. It aims to simplify the creation process for users without coding or design experience.

## Tech Stack

- **Framework:** [Astro](https://astro.build/)
- **UI Library:** [React](https://react.dev/)
- **Language:** [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- **Styling:** [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- **Backend/DB (Potential):** [Supabase](https://supabase.com/)
- **Deployment:** [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)

## Getting Started Locally

### Prerequisites

- Node.js v22.14.0 (as specified in `.nvmrc`)
- npm (comes with Node.js)

### Installation & Setup

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    # Replace with the actual repository URL
    git clone <your-repository-url>
    cd <repository-directory>
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Run the development server:**
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```
    Open [http://localhost:4321](http://localhost:4321) (or the port specified in the output) in your browser.

## Available Scripts

-   `npm run dev`: Starts the development server with hot reloading.
-   `npm run build`: Builds the application for production.
-   `npm run preview`: Runs a local server to preview the production build.
-   `npm run lint`: Lints the codebase using ESLint.
-   `npm run lint:fix`: Attempts to automatically fix linting issues.

## Project Scope

### In Scope

-   User input via prompt for landing page requirements.
-   AI-powered generation of landing page content and structural layout.
-   Selection from a set of pre-defined templates or styles.
-   Basic customization options (e.g., color schemes, fonts).
-   Output of generated landing page as HTML/CSS code.

### Out of Scope

-   Advanced customization beyond basic options.
-   Hosting services or deployment management for the generated pages.
-   Domain name registration or management.
-   E-commerce features (e.g., shopping carts, payment processing).
-   User accounts or authentication systems.

## Project Status

**Development Phase:** This project is actively under development. Features and functionality are subject to change.

## License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License**. See the LICENSE file for details (if one exists, otherwise state MIT).

Commit message:

feat: Update README to reflect 10x Astro Starter template details

README.md, after:

# 10x Astro Starter

A modern, opinionated starter template for building fast, accessible, and AI-friendly web applications.

## Tech Stack

- **Framework:** [Astro](https://astro.build/)
- **UI Library:** [React](https://react.dev/)
- **Language:** [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- **Styling:** [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- **Backend/DB (Potential):** [Supabase](https://supabase.com/)
- **Deployment:** [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)

## Getting Started Locally

### Prerequisites

- Node.js v22.14.0 (as specified in `.nvmrc`)
- npm (comes with Node.js)

### Installation & Setup

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    # Replace with the actual repository URL
    git clone <your-repository-url>
    cd <repository-directory>
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Run the development server:**
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```
    Open [http://localhost:4321](http://localhost:4321) (or the port specified in the output) in your browser.

## Available Scripts

-   `npm run dev`: Starts the development server with hot reloading.
-   `npm run build`: Builds the application for production.
-   `npm run preview`: Runs a local server to preview the production build.
-   `npm run lint`: Lints the codebase using ESLint.
-   `npm run lint:fix`: Attempts to automatically fix linting issues.

## Project Scope

### In Scope

-   **Core Framework:** Astro for building fast, content-focused websites.
-   **UI:** React for building interactive components.
-   **Language:** TypeScript for type safety.
-   **Styling:** Tailwind CSS for utility-first styling.
-   **Code Quality:** ESLint, Prettier, and Husky for linting, formatting, and pre-commit checks.
-   **AI Development Support:** Configuration files and guidelines for Cursor IDE, GitHub Copilot, and Windsurf to enhance the AI-assisted development experience.
-   **Basic Project Structure:** Includes standard directories for layouts, pages, components, and assets.

### Out of Scope

-   **Specific Backend Implementation:** While Supabase is mentioned as a potential backend/DB, this starter does not include a fully integrated backend.
-   **Complex Business Logic:** The template provides the foundation; specific application logic needs to be added.
-   **Database Migrations:** Beyond any initial setup potentially added later, complex database management is not included.
-   **Deployment Configuration:** While Vercel is mentioned, detailed deployment scripts or configurations for specific platforms are not pre-built.

## Project Status

**Template/Starter:** This project serves as a starting point or template for new Astro applications. It is ready to be cloned and built upon.

## License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License**. See the LICENSE file for details (if one exists, otherwise state MIT).
